[singing voice] Aniplex.
[birds chirping]
[Woman] I cannot approve
of this.
You could have defeated both
of them,
and yet you allowed them
to simply escape.
[water lapping]
[scoffs]
But killing them right away
would have been no fun.
Chase the rabbit until it
can run no more,
and then kill it when its terror
is at its peak.
[Woman] But miss,
considering that you revealed
Berserker's Noble Phantasm,
I believe you should have killed
at least one of them.
[water lapping]
That isn't a problem.
There is no way on Earth
to counter Berserker's
Noble Phantasm.
That's right.
Regarding that,
Noble Phantasm restored
in three days.
I don't understand, miss.
Do you feel pity
for Shirou Emiya?
Of course I do.
I know what's in store for him.
[Illyasviel] He doesn't
know it yet
but I'm going to make him suffer
in Kiritsugu's place.
[Mashiro Ayano's "Ideal White"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Mashiro singing in Japanese]
[wind blowing]
[groaning]
‐ [groans]
‐ [Rin] Good morning.
‐ [grunts]
‐ I'm glad you're finally awake.
[shouting]
Well, well.
You seem to be healing nicely.
Tohsaka, what's going on?
What are you doing here?
Wait, why am I all bandaged up?
Maybe you should just pick
one thing to be surprised about.
I get it.
I must have passed out
and you somehow carried me
back here.
Very good.
I guess you're not nearly
as dumb as you look, Emiya.
[scoffs]
Useful information to know.
See ya.
[Shirou] Tohsaka, wait.
I should have said it earlier,
but thanks.
Now wait.
How could you possibly
be thanking me?
Well, you did save my life
and get me to safety earlier.
You should never thank an enemy.
What are you thinking?
The Grail War is a fight
to the death, you know.
I know.
So how come you didn't just
kill me when you had the chance?
I‐‐I simply didn't feel like it,
that's all.
Attacking someone in his sleep
just isn't fair.
So I guess it was kind of
a blunder on my part.
Maybe I let my guard down
because I know
I'm more powerful than you.
[scoffs]
You could say I have
some emotional flab.
[Shirou] What the heck
is emotional flab?
Are you trying to tell me
that you think you're fat
or something?
You really are such a funny boy.
[gasping]
[birds chirping]
All right.
Next time we'll meet as enemies.
[Rin] So make sure
you're prepared.
[groans]
[Archer] Are we finally
going home, master?
We really can't go home
empty‐handed, can we?
[Rin] I have to make amends
for my screw up.
[groaning]
[gasps]
Where's Saber?
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
Saber,
what are you doing in here?
I have been resting myself.
I thought I ought
to get myself back
into peak condition.
So, how do you feel?
[Shirou] Everything seems
to be as good as new.
I am glad.
I must say I am rather impressed
with you.
[Saber] I did not expect you
to possess self‐healing magic.
[hissing]
[grunts]
Shirou, there is something
I must say to you
regarding last night's fight.
[Saber] I must ask that you,
my master,
refrain from such actions.
[Shirou] What choice did I have?
You were in terrible danger.
I cannot believe you trusted
in me that much,
a servant whom you didn't call
and barely know.
Yeah, but we shook
hands earlier.
[gasps]
[grunts]
As your servant,
your words are very gratifying.
‐ [Saber] However...
‐ [gasps]
Please do not do that again.
[Saber] I will have you win
the Grail for me.
You want the Holy Grail, too?
Like the others?
Yes.
To fulfill a wish,
one that's my own.
[birds chirping]
[Saber] We servants
are heroic spirits.
But that fame has a price.
Revealing our true identities
also reveals all
of our vulnerabilities.
That's why you're called
Saber instead,
to hide your real name
from enemies.
That's right.
Seven servants are summoned
to appear by the Holy Grail.
Each one is selected based on
the class of warrior they are.
Class of warrior?
Like swordsman or bowman,
you mean?
Correct.
Before the Grail War starts,
the Grail prepares
seven vessels,
and only heroic spirits
that are a match
to those vessels are summoned.
[Saber] These are
the seven classes:
Saber,
Lancer,
Archer,
Rider,
Caster,
Assassin,
and Berserker.
Oh, I get it now.
You were a hero
extremely proficient
with a sword,
so you were summoned
to this time as a Saber.
Yes, you are correct,
but that is also
the Saber class's shortcoming.
What do you mean?
For example,
when facing an opponent skilled
in close quarters combat,
how would you fight
against them?
If I couldn't defeat them
by attacking them head‐on...
[gasps]
I wouldn't try
to attack them directly.
Yes, exactly.
We also have skills
called Noble Phantasms.
[Saber] Lancer's spear,
Archer's bow,
and my sword are all examples
of Noble Phantasms.
These powers are
the secret weapons
of a servant.
However, a significant amount
of mana is required
to activate them.
In other words,
you can't just use them
any time you want.
That's correct.
What's more,
we must call out the true name
of the Noble Phantasm
when activating it.
So a servant always runs
the risk of giving away
their identity.
I see, so that's the reason why
you make your sword invisible.
Shirou, I have a favor
to ask regarding that.
[Saber] It is about
my true name.
A servant normally reveals
their identity
to their master so that
a strategy may be formed.
The problem here is you
are unskilled as a mage.
There is a chance a skilled mage
might be able
to clearly read your thoughts.
And so I...
You can't reveal
your true name to me.
Mm‐hmm.
It's okay.
I'll leave the use
of your Noble Phantasm
to your complete discretion,
okay?
[gasps]
So if that's decided
then let's have breakfast.
[gasps]
Wait a minute.
Where did that outfit come from?
Rin gave me these clothes
to wear.
I need to blend in,
since I can't dematerialize.
That's interesting.
So she likes prim
and proper outfits like that.
[distant traffic]
[tense music]
[Archer] It's faint
but I sense mana residue.
Meaning that
the gas leak explosion
was no mere accident.
[Rin] I can't believe
they're involving outsiders.
[gasps]
[Shirou] I'm sorry.
I know you guys are supposed
to be replenished by your master
but I can't 'cause I'm a novice.
I can minimize my mana needs
by going
to sleep from time to time.
[exhales]
[phone ringing]
[gasps]
[phone rings]
Good morning.
Emiya residence.
[Taiga] Hey there, Shirou!
Fujimura here!
Fujine?
What do you want?
I'm a little busy now.
‐ [Taiga] So am I!
‐ [groans]
[Taiga] That's why I'm calling.
I've decided to give up
my day off
to look after my students
while they're practicing.
Here's your mission.
Pack a nice lunch for me
and deliver it
to the archery dojo ASAP!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Taiga] Now move!
[phone clicks]
[dial tone beeping]
Huh?
[Shirou] Um, look, Saber.
Masters are supposed
to avoid attracting attention,
right?
Something like last night
isn't gonna happen.
[Saber] True, but the unexpected
sometimes happens.
It is not safe to allow you
to walk outside unescorted.
[exhales sharply]
[birds chirping]
[Shirou] Saber, if someone tries
to talk to you,
I just want you
to shake your head
without saying anything.
It'd be best if you acted like
you didn't understand
our language at all.
[gasps]
What's wrong?
I can sense mana residue here.
[Saber] Something does feel
a bit off,
but it does not seem
to pose any danger.
You see?
I said it was perfectly safe,
didn't I?
[gasps]
Hey.
Don't mind me.
I brought some lunch for Fujine.
[Shirou] Could, uh, you please
tell her that I'm here with it?
Huh?
[Sakura] Oh, uh, sure.
[bow recoiling]
[panting]
Boy, you're our savior.
I heard that you brought her
some lunch.
Ms. Fujimura's been
a real handful.
She gets high strung
when she's hungry.
Why didn't you check first thing
in the morning
to see if Fujine had brought
her lunch with her?
[laughs nervously]
Well, I guess I
was really tired today.
Is it Shinji again?
Where is he today?
Playing hookey.
Busy with the new girlfriend,
I suppose.
Okay, now spill it, Emiya.
Who is that woman that
was with you out front?
She was gorgeous!
Friend of yours?
Um, I guess you could say that
it's kinda complicated.
Mm?
Was?
[shouts]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[door slides open]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Shirou panting]
Mr. Kuzuki!
[panting]
Emiya.
[Shirou] Uh,
she's an acquaintance
of mine from overseas.
I'm just giving her a tour
of the school.
We've never had
a foreign student
attend this school.
Huh?
If she enrolls here,
she will be a curiosity.
Take care.
If she is a friend,
keep an eye on her.
Um, yes, sir.
[groans]
Incidentally, Emiya...
Outdoor shoes
are forbidden inside.
Shirou, about that instructor
we just ran into.
Did you sense something
about Mr. Kuzuki?
Not really,
but at first he struck me
as being more than he seemed.
I do not believe he's a mage,
and no blood smell.
I'd be real shocked
if Mr. Kuzuki turned out
to be a mage,
but what do you mean
he struck you
as more than he seemed?
His breathing
was exceedingly natural
and fully composed.
Quite frankly,
I was rather impressed with him.
Even his walking was efficient.
[Saber] His students must
be put at ease
with a man such as him
as their teacher.
So then.
Shall we go
to the next location?
W‐‐Wait a minute!
You wanna go around
the whole school?
Yes, to make sure it is safe.
I'm exhausted.
‐ [Ayako] Emiya, is that you?
‐ [grunts]
What are you still doing
at school?
You guys all done?
Yeah, we're gonna wrap up
early today.
Okay, then.
See ya later.
‐ [Ayako] Hey, Emiya?
‐ Hmm?
Will you ever come back
to the archery club?
It sounds like Ms. Fujimura
is trying hard
to talk you into it.
So where do you stand?
[groans]
[Shirou] Well...
I'm thinkin' of giving it
another shot once I get
a few things sorted out.
[Ayako] You are?
That's surprising.
[Shirou] Why's that?
[Ayako] From the minute
you joined,
you were so good,
it was scary,
but it always seemed like
you didn't care
about hitting the target,
or maybe you didn't have
the desire to want to hit it.
I just assumed you quit because
you got bored with it all.
It's almost like
you don't have any desire
for anything these days.
Really?
[Ayako] I'm not saying you
should be like Shinji,
but why don't you try
to have some fun?
Oh, this is great.
It must be pretty bad
if I'm getting pity
from a classmate.
I mean, come on, Emiya.
You never smile.
[groans]
[flames roaring]
Remember that time back
in training camp
when we were all being rowdy
and telling jokes?
[Ayako] You were the one person
who wasn't laughing
at my best material.
Oh.
[Ayako] I'm still carrying
a grudge, you know.
Well, I need to go
to the faculty room now.
So I'll see you tomorrow.
[dramatic music]
[shoes squeaking]
Mitsuzuri.
♪♪ ♪♪
What is this?
She's been following us
since we left.
How did you two meet?
Do you know her very well?
[Shirou] Yeah.
My old man knew her.
She's a friend of Kiritsugu?
So she came to see him.
[Taiga] To visit Kiritsugu,
I mean.
Yeah, that's right.
She'll be living at my place
for a while,
so be nice to her.
[both] What?
[all grunting]
[Taiga] "Living at my place?"
As in you two are shacking up?
We're not shacking up!
It's just temporary!
Saber will only be staying here
for a little while!
Wait a minute.
Did you just call her Saber?
[Shirou] Yeah,
and I'd really appreciate it
if you could be friends
with her.
[gasps]
Sure, I suppose I can do that.
Hey, Ms. Fujimura,
are you gonna give
Shirou permission
to have Saber stay
at the house?
Hmm,
as a teacher,
I'd have to say absolutely not,
but I can't just turn away
a girl who came here
to see Kiritsugu.
Hmm.
Okay, sure.
Why not?
We'll just think of it
as a home stay.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ Huh?
[gasps]
[chomps]
[chomping]
Mmm, mmm.
Mmm.
[grunting]
[chuckles nervously]
[Newscaster speaking over TV]
I put every bit of my skill
into this dinner, dammit.
[Shirou] And what's with Sakura?
She didn't even help.
Fujine, it's getting late.
Could you walk Sakura home?
[Weather reporter] Good evening.
Fujine?
The Japanese islands are under
a strong winter pressure
distribution pattern...
[Shirou] Hello?
Earth to Ms. Fujimura.
Are you ignoring me?
[Taiga] Sorry,
request denied.
I won't be able
to walk Sakura home for a while.
And why is that?
[grunting]
Because starting tonight,
I'll be staying here, too!
What?
Care to join me, Sakura?
I can call your home
to make sure
it's okay with them,
so you don't have to worry.
[gasps]
Oh, yes!
Thanks!
I can always count on you,
Ms. Fujimura.
[grunts]
Huh?
All right!
Let's use the big room
in the back of the house!
There's lots of futons!
You don't mind,
do you, Saber?
Mm.
[chuckles nervously]
[snarling]
[grunts]
[crashing]
[roaring]
[roars]
[grunts]
[booming]
What kind of incense is this?
It's a witch's incense.
Powerful.
It supposedly destroys love.
[Archer] In which case,
we're dealing with a woman here.
Her rage must be deep
to be vented
even after becoming a servant.
Quit chattering
and open the windows already.
[groans]
[Archer] The flow
is towards Ryuudou Temple?
[Rin] Yes,
all the stolen life force
is flowing towards
the mountains.
The culprit behind
all those comas
is probably Caster.
So there's a witch lurking
at the temple.
That means we made
a mistake last night.
Mistake?
Fighting Berserker to a draw,
you mean?
I think that
was the optimal outcome.
[Archer] I'm not so sure.
If caster has spread such
a wide net around the city,
she must have observed
last night's battle in detail,
and if that's not bad enough,
we tipped our own hand while at
the same time failing
to defeat our opponent.
I'm not so sure.
[Rin] We'll track Caster.
You can still sense her,
can't you?
We'll finish this before
she can run to Ryuudou Temple.
[Archer] I thought it
was your policy not
to do things you knew
were beyond your ability.
It is,
but this is a special case.
[Archer] You won't be satisfied
unless you pick
a fight with her, huh?
You're ignoring
an easy opponent
and going after
the most difficult one there is.
Look, don't worry.
We can beat a rookie like him
whenever we feel like it.
[Rin] I'm just choosing
to ignore him as long
as he stays hidden in his house.
Tell me.
What if you come across
Shirou Emiya again,
and he still possesses
no self awareness as a master?
I'll kill him.
[Rin] I'm not going
to show any mercy on him
if he doesn't understand that.
You got it?
[Kalafina's "Believe"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chorus singing
in foreign language]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]